THE METAMORPHOSES 19

Pundrnolv
(Met. ii, 1-366)

[Determined to test the truth of his mother Clymene's
’ story that Phoebus was his father, Phaethon with much
difficulty ascended to the Sun-god’s palace. There upon
a throne, brilliant with precious stones, sat Phoebus,
and around him in attendance stood the Days5 the
MonthS, and the Years, with the Hours and the different
Seasons He received Phaethon kindly, and assured him
that Clymene had spoken truly‚ whereupon Phaethon
prayed that, as a prooi that he really regarded him as
his son, he should grant a boon that he craved. Phoe-
bus swore by the waters of Styx that he would do
whatever he asked‚ and then Phaethon prayed to be
allowed to drive the chariot oi the sun for a day. In
vain did Phoebus try to dissuade him, pointing ont the

terrible perils oi such a venture. The boy could not be
induced to relinquish his design‚ and the Sun-god was
bound by his oath to fulfil his promise.

The four steedS‚ their nostrils breathing fire, were

led from their stalls and hamessed to the golden car.
Phoebus rubbed on Phaethon’s ‘face an ointment that
would enable him to endure the heat better, and then,
with some parting injunctions as to the best route to
take, dismissed him. Phaethon leaped into the chariot,
and the course began. From the very beginning there
was difficulty and danger. Phaethon's light weight was
not sufficient to keep the car steady, and the horses5 leel-
ing the difference, left the beaten track. The young char-

 

