ADHIBEO

adhibeo, -ἐτε, -ut, -itus [ad†
pppbtstepl, apply, emptoy, cott in,

adhfic, adv„ nntit now, stttt ,· adhstc
nan, or neque adhoc, not os yet

adicio, -ere, -iect, -iectus [ad†
iociol, throco to, put to, apply, aaa.

adigo, -ere, -egt, -flctus [ad÷ agol,
drivc to; thrast, plange,· parce,
compet. ,

adimo, -ere, -tmt, -emptus [adt-
emol, take prom, carry op.

aditus, -ῠε, m. [ade0], approach,
access, entrance.

adisstus, -o, -um, p. p. ot adiuvo.

adiuvo, -nre, ·is1vt, ·is1tus, help,
aid, support.

‘afflante' -avt, -itus, raiso up,

adligo, -lre, avt, -itus, bina to,
bindon, pastea. .

adlfldo, -ere‚ -1as1, -lsssus, play,
jest, trtfle,· of the waves‚ play
against.

admiror, -ort, -Atus, dep, admira,
wonder at, bc astonished.

admissus, ·a‚-um, p. p. otadmitto.

· admitto, -ere, ·m1st, -missus, tet
go to,· adrnit,⁸ atlow; perpetrate,
commit, of a horse, tet go, give
rein to,· admisso pmsl, with
quickened pace.

admoneo, pre, -ut, -itus, remind,
advise, argo.

admonitor, -ὁῐίε, m. [admoneop
reminder, prompter.

admoveo,-tre,·movi,·motus,nove
towards, bring near, appty.

adnuo, -ere, -ut, -—, nod to, give
assent, lavor.

adoleo, -ere, ·ui, -ultus, magnily
(in religious sense). sacrifice to,·
kindle, burn.

adoperio, -tre, -ui, -opertus, cover.

adoro, -are, -Μ, -ᾰῒιιε, catt upon,
ppppeat, imptore; reverence, wor-

267

ADVENTUS

adripio, -ere, -ui, -reptus [ad÷
rapiol, match, grasp, seire.

adsentio, -ire, -sonsi, -stnsus, as-
sent, approvo.

adsero, -ere, -serut, -sertus, otaim,
appropriate.

adsiduus, -α, -um, adj, diligent,
attentive, persistent,· continual,
unremitting.

adsisto, ·ere, -stit1,—, stand by,
attend, appear,· riso, take a stand.
adpipptgo, -inis‚ f, spray, sprink-
adsperg0‚ -ere, -spersi, -spersus
[ad4sparg0], sprinkte‚ besprinkle.
adspicio, -ere, -spexi, -spectuS,
m, 515stth see ,· of places, tie

adstemo, -ere, -strflvI, -stratus,
throco down on,· in pass, prostrate
one’s soll.

adsta, -s'sre, -stit1,—, stand by,
stand near. .
adsubsco, -ere, -evi, -ἐῒιιε, accus·
tom, make laminam· intrans, br-
come accustomed.

adsuktfldo, ·inis, f, custom, habit.

adauctus, -a, -um, adj. [p. p. of
adsuescol, accnstomed, lamiliae.

adsum, -esse, -fui, -futtsrus, be
present, be at hand, accompany,
assist, aid.

adsumo, -ere, -sflmpst,·st1mptus,
gothor, assume, take to oneselp.

aduncus, -a, -um‚ adj, bont in-
ward, hooked, barbed.

aduro, -ere, -ussi, -ustus, burn, ·

soorch ,· procae.

adveho, -ere, -vexi, -vectus, carry
to, conduot; in pass, be borne, be
carried, arrioe.

advena, ·ae, m. and f. [ad4venio],
newcorner, strango, loreigner.

adventa, -ure, -avi, nitus, intens.
[ad veniel, advance, press lorward,
approach.

advenum, fis, m, coming, arrival.

 

