INQUIRO

inquiro, -ere, ·s1v1, -situs, search
lor, examine, investigate.

Ἓξῗὲἒὲω» ·a‚ ’ω’ adl-s

inrequiktuS, -α, -um‚ adj, restless.

insilimus, fiala, n., cause op irri-
tatran, irritant.

‚inr1t6,-hre‚·hv1, -htus, irritato,
exasperote.

inrituS, -a, -um, adj, void, vain,
ineffectuol.

inraso, -hre, -avl, -htus, hedew,
wet, sprinhle upon.

InsciuS, -a, -um, adj, ignorant.

mortha, ere, -scripsi, -sariptus,
write upon, inscribe, mark, as-
sign, attribute.

suscriptum, -1, n., inscription,
working.

insenesco, -οῐο, -senut, -‚ inch.,
grmdald.

Insequar, -1, occutus, dep, pallara,
pursue, press upon.

insero, -ere, assat, aestus, put
in, insert, thrust in.

InsiJitae, -drum, f, snare, omhush,

o.

insplgnis, -e, adj„ noted, distin-
guished.

insisto, -ere, -stit1,—, set laet,
step an, stand an. rise up on.

Insond, dre, -u1,-, resound,
make musicam.

insopitus, -a, -um‚ adj„ sleepless.

inspicio, ere, -spexl‚ -spectus,
loole into, inspect, examine.

inspiro, dre, -dvi, -dtuS, blow
upon, breothe into.

mutabilis, -e, adj, unsteody, un-
stable.

Instar, n. indecl., an image, lihe-
ness,· with gen., lihe, equal to.
Instigo, -hre, -hvi, -htus, good,

stimulate, insite.

307

ssssssxo

insto, dre, -stitt, —,‚ stand over,
impend, threaten,· urge, press
upon, be intent upon, insist upon.

matractus, -a, ·um, adj. [p. p. of
instruol, lurnished, supplied,
prepared. .

instruo, -ere, atmi, -strflctus,
arroy, prepare, equip.

multae, -ι, lum, adj„ unoccus·
lamed, inexperienced, unusual,
strange.

maula, -ae, f„ island· as a proper
ἓΐῗὲέξε lsland, in the Tiber

insum, -esse, -ful, he r‘n.

insszlgerdbilig, ᾖ, adj ., insurmount-
a e, inem a e.

ἰηῑᾰδδεοὸ, -ere, -wbu1‚-, inch.‚
waste away, melt away.

intemptatus, -a, -um, adj, ure·
touched, untried.

intendo, -ere, -1‚ -tentus, or
-tknsm, stretah aut,· aim, direct,
beneolens in, striae.

inter, prep. with acc„ betaoeen,
among, amidst, in the course a),
during. ⁴

interdum, adv„ sometimes, noso
andthen.

interehpadv„ meanwhile, in the
meantime.

interea, -1re, -is, -itus, he lost,
perish, go to ruin, became extinct.

inserior,·-ius, comp. adj. [inter],
inner, interior.

interitus, ·fls, m.‚ overthrow, de-
struetran.

intermitto, -ere, -misi, missus,
leave ap, intermit, interrupt,
neglect.

intemhdiuns, ,4¹⁹ n., space he-
tween two points.

interritus, -α, -um‚ adj, un-
daunted.

intexa, -ere, -texul, -textus, weove
in, ploit.

 

